2.0 Former Employee
Harvard Vanguard Medical Associates - Not recommended
Mar 24, 2011 
Pros - Up to an 8% match on the 401K
Cons - Lack of communication from upper management. Not given proper tools to perform job. Promotion of individuals to positions without poper education/training. Lack of honesty with positions (bait and switch) No clear vision of HVMA's direction for the future
Advice to Management - Just because someone has done a job for 10 years doesn't mean they should be promoted. Improved communications from upper management to rank and file employees. Remember that other people besides physicians work there. Hire the appropriate technical resources to maintain the infrastructure of the organization.

4.0 Current Employee, more than 5 years
A Mission and Values Driven Organization
Aug 20, 2012 - Anonymous Employee
Pros - On the leading edge of the needed changes in health care.  Striving to be compassionate and to provide high quality care while keeping down costs.  A culture of teamwork and respect--where there is always something new to learn or to get involved in.
Cons - So much change can feel a bit overwhelming at times; priorities are not always clear.  Like many health care organizations, keeping fully staffed is a challenge.
Advice to Management - Building new habits takes time.  Help the organization embrace the concept of "go slow to go fast" in more situations.

5.0 Current Employee
Fantastic company, would recommend to anyone looking for a career in health care delivery
Nov 30, 2012
Pros - Mission driven, great mentorship and support, ability to make a difference and contribute to the improvement of health care delivery
Cons - Didn't experience any downsides, have no complaints to express. Very dedicated staff, great environment to work in

2.0 Former Employee, more than 10 years
Learn all you can and leave.
Dec 28, 2012 - Patient Registration Representative in Boston, MA
Pros - Good Benefits, my position was close to home, unfriendly environment.
Cons - Lacking communication from mgmt to staff, forever in the dark, day to day work flow changing daily.
Advice to Management - Treat employees as you would like to be treated yourself.

4.0 Current Employee, more than 3 years
Great Environment, Difficult to Advance
Jun 19, 2013 - Anonymous Employee
Pros - Wonderful people to work with, great benefits and fair salaries, if you have the right managers and administrators, HVMA is an excellent company to work for...
Cons - I think senior leadership is wasting resources on the wrong things. Also, it can be difficult to advance at a quick pace (in my field), despite excellent work.
Advice to Management - Seek out the talent in your organization! It's there.

3.0 Former Employee
Employees rewarded for increasing and decreasing the "right" numbers, as defined by administration.
Nov 24, 2013 
Pros - Fairly reasonable benefits and pay.
Cons - Administration's use of Toyota Lean techniques to supposedly improve various aspects of patient care, but which actually result in little improvement and which cause employees to be progressively overworked and under-rewarded.  Use of "360" job performance reviews, ie, being reviewed by coworkers, which leads to more morale issues.  Salaries based on "modified quota" system, in some departments, leading to decrease in pay when patients do not attend appointments.  Little support for frontline staff by management.
Advice to Management - See "Cons" above.  Focus on improving morale of and support for employees, and quality of care will improve as a result.  Decrease pay for upper management and increase pay for those at the bottom of the organizational chart.  Rethink the medical model.

5.0 Current Employee, more than 8 years
Excellent patient care
Mar 7, 2014 - Anonymous Employee 
Pros - Excellent teamwork and management, devotion to improving patient health and education
Cons - Sometimes involves long hours which is to be expected in healthcare

4.0 Current Employee, more than 10 years
Great Place To Work
May 10, 2014 - Anonymous Employee 
Pros - Excellent employee benefits.  High staff satisfaction, with many employees 10+ years.   Patient experience is top priority.  Dedicated to keeping up with challenging US healthcare changes and staying competitive.
Cons- IT Systems  could use some upgrades.  Follow through with identified department areas in need of improvement.

2.0 Current Employee, more than 1 year
Micromanaged, money driven
Jul 18, 2014 -  in Somerville, MA
Pros - Excellent pay and good benefits
Cons - Poor management. Company is all about making money and less about patient care

3.0 Former Employee, more than 10 years
Good mission statement, bad upper management.
Aug 8, 2014 - Supervisory 
Pros - Benefits were good. Pay was ok and the time off was acceptable as well.   All the major holidays were paid days off.
Cons - Upper management and administrators.  HVMA uses promotion from within as a big selling point but doesn't make good on the promise. I was an employee for well over a decade, denied a promotion I was more than qualified for, and my manager could not give me a good reason why.   From talking to other employees this is typical.
Advice to Management - Stop the revolving door of upper management. No one working on the front lines knows who upper management is or what any of you actually do. It always felt like there were too many of you.
5.0 Former Employee, more then 5 years
One of the best companies I have worked for
Nov 30, 2014 - Medical Assistant II in Chelmsford, MA
Pros - Pay excellent, family unit, always room for advancement for motivated employees. Managers were great in Chelmsford location
Cons - More role clarification for senior medical assistants
Advice to Management - Advise your medical assistants to recognize the Senior Medical assistant role and follow direction. Without animosity

5.0 Former Employee, more than 5 years
Excellent Employer
Mar 6, 2015 - Anonymous Employee
Pros - 40 min physicals, 20 min office visits, great benefits, each doctor gets their own dedicated medical assistant
Cons - corporate feeling, low salary compared to nearby practices, spend a lot on outside consultants
Advice to Management - Spend less on consultants and give the power back to the physicians.

2.0 Former Employee
Manager
Apr 17, 2015 -  in Concord, NH
Pros - 401k match is good overall
Cons - Constant management turn over  low employee morale. Use consultants rather then employees.  Not interested in real change prefer to admire problems then change to solve them no work life balance 60 plus hours a week is common and not enough from leadership
Advice to Management - Hire a CEO that is not a doctor

2.0 Currrent Employee, more than 8 years
Don't come here to work
Apr 17, 2015 - Medical Assistant II in Concord, MA
Pros - Good pay and benefits that's about it. Good coworkers for the most part . Nice decor in the new building. Friendly patients too
Cons - Favoritism and no accountability at all. Managers don't listen to the people who actually do the work. Catty girls who love to gossip. Too many people on Fmla that abuse it
Advice to Management - Be a manger and not a friend . Actually have some clinical experience. Don't just hire people for bodies

3.0 Former Employee
Lab associate
Apr 22, 2015
Pros - Great environment to meet and interact with new people every day
Cons - It would be nice for some departments to recognized the effort and work of their employees, to meet the guidelines to motivate them to keep working effortlessly and enjoy their labor.

3.0 Former Employee
Administrative Assistant
Apr 28, 2015 - Anonymous Employee 
Pros - great pay, great benefits and great co-workers
Cons - poor management, they only listen to upper management , not staff.
Advice to Management - treat employees as well as you treat patients

2.0 Current Employee, more than 1 year
Over worked, Less focus on employees more on the dollar
May 7, 2015 - Medical Secretary in Boston, MA
Pros - Giving great care to patients
Cons - Frequent turnover of support staff, LEAN= How much more can we add to your plate and no we wont take anything off of it. Frequently understaffed. Mangers managing to many things Apt slots as short as 15 min long out of concern for $$ not the patient
Advice to Management - When your employee are overworked, its a cost you simply can't afford.

1.0 Current Employee, more than 1 year
RN
May 14, 2015 - Registered Nurse
Pros - Great insurance, Tuition reimbursement, CEU reimbursement, License reimbursement
Cons - Nurses are not respected, Under staffing, Lunch is taken away for mandatory meetings on a monthly basis. Union Dues are sky high and the contract is terrible and always being renegotiated. Terrible salary, minimal yearly raises, less than $1
Advice to Management - Stop micromanaging, respect your nurses they are triaging hundreds of phone calls making split second decisions that could be the difference between life or death. Do not put people in clinical management positions with no education or clinical background

1.0 Former Employee
Bad place to work
Jun 11, 2021 - Manager 
Pros - Not a good place to work
Cons - Bad place to work. Management isn’t good

3.0 Former Employee
Ok
Aug 11, 2021 - Medical Assistant 
Pros - Good team leadership and career opportunities. Take care of employees.
Cons - Changed from last couple of years... too many rules thanks to covid.

1.0 Current Employee, more than 5 years
Not a great place to work, not diverse
Jun 28, 2021 - Anonymous Employee 
Pros - Benefits, insurance, and flexibility with working remote
Cons - Upholds white supremacy culture, poor management practices, and does not allow for opportunities to advance careers
Advice to Management - Start dismantling white supremacy culture in the workplace

4.0 Former Employee, more than 1 year
good job
Jun 29, 2021 - Patient Service Representative in Chelmsford, MA
Pros - good team experience, friendly staff, fast-paced
Cons - little room for advancement, or the process for same is very slow

5.0 Current Employee
great community
Jul 2, 2021 - Anonymous Employee 
Pros - staff working together to truly help patients
Cons - not enough support staff to help the volume of work

5.0 Current Employee
Great company
Jul 8, 2021 - Medical Courier in Newton Center, MA
Pros - I make a great fit
Cons - I don’t have any cons

4.0 Current Employee, more than 1 year
Great place for initial experience
Jul 12, 2021 - Medical Assistant in Boston, MA
Pros - Good benefits. Many locations across the state if you want to go to a different site or specialty. The clinicians are approachable, friendly and knowledgeable if you want to stay in the field.
Cons - Not very innovative, slow to adapt. Demanding day-to-day, hard to maintain work/life balance if you are full-time.
Advice to Management - More flexibility and time off. Easy chance for burnout.

4.0 Former Employee
Good company to work for
Jul 13, 2021 - Physical Therapist in Boston, MA
Pros - Very respectful and diverse working environment
Cons - A little too much productivity/ number oriented
Advice to Management - Really need to listen to the front line workers not the outside consulting company. By doing so, not only save many but also really solve the problems. Besides, the employees will feel being appreciated

4.0 Former Employee
Not bad
Jul 20, 2021 - Medical Assistant 
Pros - Tuition reimbursement and staff you work with
Cons - Overworked and underpaid without any real appreciation
Advice to Management - Offer more incentives, give bigger raises other than 2%

5.0 Current Employee, more than 1 year
RN
Aug 2, 2021 - Anonymous Employee 
Pros - Autonomy, good management, competitive pay
Cons - High demanding job, would benefit from more support staff

5.0 Former Employee
great employer
Aug 10, 2021 - Anonymous Employee 
Pros - great place to work, really enjoyed my time here the past few years
amazing pto
Cons - no employee parking at some locations but accessible via MBTA for city locations

4.0 Current Employee, less than 1 year
Ok
Aug 11, 2021 - Licensed Practical Nurse in Boston, MA
Pros - Good benefits and lunch is an hour. All staff work well together in all departments. Not much else to say
Cons - There are no cons . This is a good company To work for. The management listens to concerns and provides helpful feedback

4.0 Former Employee
Good providers
Aug 12, 2021 - Nurse Practitioner in Guilford, CT
Pros - Good Providers, Each site variable
Cons - top heavy business structure at business organizational level made change slow

4.0 Former Employee, more than 5 years
Good place to work
Aug 13, 2021 - Manager in Weymouth, MA
Pros - Talented senior leaders who work very hard and put patient care first
Cons - Constant change, little input from local leaders on decisions that impact their sites
Advice to Management - Staff the front line positions for success

4.0 Current Employee, more than 5 years
Solid large corporation with good leadership
Aug 20, 2021 - Anonymous Employee 
Pros - I knew this place was different when the CEO spoke to us on our on boarding meeting. This company has done mostly well with improving and changing in uncertain times. I appreciate the benefits/ yearly core contributions. I am grateful for fidelity for growing a healthy nest egg.
Cons - Stagnant wages with 2-3% yearly increases. Lack of upward mobility
Advice to Management - Improve starting salaries to be more competitive

4.0 Current Employee
Good
Sep 5, 2021 - Medical Assistant in Quincy, MA
Pros - Garage parking is free, workers are a close knit family, friendly
Cons - Management, no lunch rooms, MDS are slow, bounce around a lot

3.0 Current Employee, more than 5 years
health care
Sep 14, 2021 - Behavior Therapist 
Pros - a lot of autonomy to practice as you wish
Cons - not forward thinking enough, much to much about following the money
Advice to Management - make real commitments to innovation, not half baked as has happened in the past. Allow for input from below line of of reporting.  We had a terrible department head who almost tanked our department and yet there was no way to give feeback up the chain

4.0 Current Employee, more than 10 years
Job details
Sep 14, 2021 - Primary Care Physician in Boston, MA
Pros - Good benefits, ancillary services, collegial.
Cons - Top down management and not great communication

3.0 Current Employee, more than 3 years
Food for thought
Oct 7, 2021 - Anonymous Employee in Boston, MA
Pros - Good staff to work with you can find department families. Family oriented and good balance to help moms stay afloat. 10 paid holidays. Day after thanksgiving off and holidays aren’t paid to you out your earned time. One hour break
Cons - Starting pay sucks, salary does not welcome enough recognition for employees hard work. No bonuses no raises. HIGH TURN OVER RATES. You end up training the higher ups
Advice to Management - Overall appreciate your staff and don’t overwork them  to where they are losing their value.

2.0 Former Employee, less than 1 year
Good Company
Oct 13, 2021 - Senior Manager 
Pros - Lots of very intelligent and collaborative employees
Cons - Executive level managers are not realistic and want to hear nothing but YES

2.0 Current Employee
Medical Assistant
Oct 20, 2021 - Medical Assistant in Boston, MA
Pros - Good coworkers, Parking, Friendly staff, Reliable hours
Cons - Low pay, Understaffed , High turn over

4.0 Former Employee
Great mission
Oct 27, 2021 - Anonymous Employee 
Pros - Mission oriented organization; everyone working toward common goal of quality patient care
Cons - Same challenges as other healthcare orgs, especially during pandemic

1.0 Former Employee, more than 10 years
Don't bother applying...this place sucks!
Oct 29, 2021 - Medical Assistant in Boston, MA
Pros - Working with great, hardworking coworkers
Cons - Doesn't value good employees. Prioritize quantity (aka money) over quality.
Advice to Management - Stop enabling bad employees and start valuing the good employees.

3.0 Current Employee, more than 10 years
Good Benefits, Horrible Management
Dec 4, 2021 - Call Center Representative in Chelmsford, MA
Pros - Benefits are good - Medical, Dental, 8% employer contribution.
Cons - Management needs work- takes personal issues into work and treats employees like slaves. Micromanaging at its worst. Days requested off are never approved even for important life events.
Advice to Management - Stop micromanaging your employees.  Boost moral by providing a positive work environment.

2.0 Current Employee, more than 1 year
Salary
Dec 6, 2021 - Care Facilitator in Boston, MA
Pros - Great Benefits and health reimbursement for vision
Cons - Low pay and not much increase in salary.

4.0 Current Employee, more than 1 year
Great Place to Work
Dec 16, 2021 - Nurse 
Pros - Management proactive in every day work environment
Cons - Understaffed at times causing stress

5.0 Current Employee
Great
Dec 17, 2021 - Physician in Boston, MA
Pros - Great job and compensation fair
Cons - Admin and large company issues

4.0 Former Employee, more than 10 years
Company Review
Dec 21, 2021 - Supervisor Of Operations 
Pros - Great benefits! Team oriented work environment.
Cons - Raises should be merit based!

3.0 Former Employee
Good company looking to provide provide quality care
Dec 28, 2021 - Anonymous Employee 
Pros - Smart, dedicated people who are looking to provide good patient care and improve system
Cons - Hard to improve systems because of big, complex business with many, many locations that like to do their own thing.

4.0 Current Employee, more than 5 years
Good employer
Dec 31, 2021 - Technician 
Pros - Good health benefits and flexible hours.
Cons - Some sites have less responsive supervisors.

4.0 Current Employee, more than 1 year
Good Place to Work
Jan 9, 2022 - Medical Assistant in Wellesley, MA
Pros - great co-workers, flexible hours, and upper management cares
Cons - low pay, deal with sick people on the daily

5.0 Former Employee, more than 5 years
Great company to work for
Jan 11, 2022 - Medical Secretary 
Pros - Great benefits, pay and time off.
Cons - Management lacking at times in my experience.
Advice to Management - Stay professional and set the tone for staff.

4.0 Current Employee
Good position great lab
Jan 17, 2022 - Lab Supervisor in Needham, MA
Pros - Work flexibility, great managers and staff, fun family like place to work. Great 401k
Cons - Health benefits only good when you choose their facilities. Not great raises.

2.0 Former Employee
Caucasian central
Jan 27, 2022 - Anonymous Employee 
Pros - Good food in the area
Cons - Little to no diversity, terrible pay

5.0 Former Employee, more than 1 year
RN
Jan 29, 2022 - RN Family Medicine 
Pros - Kind and appreciative doctors, great medical assistants, along with a wonderful, supportive nurse manager, makes this a great place to work. Nursing is included in clinical meetings. Wonderful office setting.
Cons - Commute and cost of parking. Yet, working at this office is worth the trip
Advice to Management - Try to get parking discount or reimbursement

4.0 Current Employee
Salaray
Jan 31, 2022 - Physician Assistant 
Pros - Great people to work with and network
Cons - Could pay better and offer bonuses

4.0 Current Employee, more than 10 years
Primary care pediatrician
Feb 1, 2022 - Pediatrician in Boston, MA
Pros - Colleagues are top-notch and deeply committed to care for children and families.
Cons - Ever-present productivity demands and quality metrics
Advice to Management - Recognize the non-RVU generating parts of the job: empathy, efficiency, responsiveness, camaraderie, and overall wisdom.

2.0 Current Employee
Poor pay obsurd demands
Feb 5, 2022 - Team Lead Lab Associate in Boston, MA
Pros - Great staff you directly work with
Cons - Poor management, even worse pay for what they demand of you. No home work life balance. Long work hours due to staff shortage, no time for lunch breaks.
Advice to Management - Make sure you guys hire managers who don’t micromanage. Also, value your employees because there is no appreciation within the company.

2.0 Current Employee
Med secretary - telecom
Feb 5, 2022 - Medical Secretary 
Pros - Good job if you need extra money. Always lots of hours available. Time and a half on Holidays
Cons - Extremely disorganized - rules are always changing amongst the clinicians. There’s never any consistency. Need your own computer to work from home (not mentioned in the job description). Only thing that is provided is the headset + phone. Training is basic (on-site at Kenmore). You’re told for the most part what is necessary for you to know and everything else will be either sink or swim - basically figuring it out on your own. Patients for the most part are toxic and condescending (with the exception of a few nice patients). You will get burned out quick with the high volume of calls that constantly come in.
Advice to Management - Communicate better and properly transition employees

5.0 Current Employee
as good as primary care gets
Feb 9, 2022 - Nurse Practitioner in Boston, MA
Pros - supportive management, generous benefits, good support staff and thoughtful time-saving workflows
Cons - work volume, like all primary care, is substantial

4.0 Former Employee, more than 1 year
Behavioral Health
Feb 11, 2022 - Behavioral Health Clinician 
Pros - Great synergy with department leaders and referring providers.
Cons - Caseload of clients is not sustainable.

4.0 Former Employee, more than 5 years
Review
Feb 23, 2022 - Systems Analyst 
Pros - Lots of opportunities to advance in career, 8% 401k match
Cons - Layoffs occurs regularly, during my tenure it was roughly about every 2 years a round of layoffs will hit the dept.

4.0 Current Employee, less than 1 year
First Time Medical Secretary
Mar 3, 2022 - Medical Secretary in Boston, MA
Pros - Good Benefits, decent pay, Great people. Don't need to take the your work home
Cons - not much organization with main company. Protocols change often without the regards of employees

3.0 Former Employee, more than 5 years
APN
Mar 7, 2022 - Adult Nurse Practitioner 
Pros - good salary - only because has nursing union
Cons - management treats everyone as dispensable - employees are not valued
Advice to Management - At least act like you care about your employees

4.0 Current Employee
COA / Ophthalmic assistant
Mar 9, 2022 - Certified Ophthalmic Assistant (COA) 
Pros - Decent pay, great co-workers, education reimbursement
Cons - Benefits are expensive,  may need to travel a lot depending on position and your location. Annual raise is very minimal 2% or less, and they make is nearly impossible to get more than that even for  good reliable employees.

5.0 Former Employee, more than 8 years
Great company
Mar 15, 2022 - Anonymous Employee 
Pros - Great management, pay is competitive
Cons - Flexibility of schedule, work and life balance

3.0 Current Employee
Good benefits no professional growth
Mar 28, 2022 - Medical Secretary in Boston, MA
Pros - Good benefits, paid leaves, holidays, and lunch
Cons - Lots of dead end jobs. No growth opportunities or career support
Advice to Management - Support employees in moving ahead

3.0 Current Employee
Good if you find the right job.
Apr 5, 2022 - Registered Nurse, BSN 
Pros - Some of the jobs are a call center and very stressful.  Getting into a specialty can provide more flexibility.
Cons - Lower pay, union is expensive.

2.0 Former Employee, more than 1 year
Phlebotomy
Apr 5, 2022 - Phlebotomist in Wellesley, MA
Pros - Great patients, clean laboratory, great coworkers.
Cons - Low pay, inexperienced supervisors, changing protocols

2.0 Current Employee
licsw therapist
Apr 7, 2022 - Clinical Social Worker - LICSW 
Pros - competitive salary, remote work, can work with pedi and adult
Cons - poor management not enough practice management time

3.0 Former Employee, more than 10 years
Used to be
Apr 10, 2022 - Manager in Boston, MA
Pros - Work from home options available
Cons - Frequent Restructuring taking place with layoffs.

3.0 Current Employee, more than 3 years
No room for growth
Apr 14, 2022 - Administrative Assistant 
Pros- Good benefits, good people to work with
Cons - Lack of leadership, no room for growth, poor raises and salary, no incentives for employees.
Advice to Management - Do better and value good employees so they want to work.

4.0 Former Employee
Great place for gaining medical experience
Apr 18, 2022 - Medical Assistant 
Pros - Coworkers and supervisors were great.
Cons - Some providers can be authoritarian, medical assistants are expected to do many clerical tasks on top of other duties

3.0 Current Employee, more than 8 years
Questionable future for nurses at this organization
Apr 18, 2022 - RN, Triage Nurse 
Pros - Hybrid role opportunities (new) Good benefits (health insurance, 401K match, educational $$) ChildCare benefit
Cons - Layoffs of nurses (repetitive) Little opportunity for career growth Incompetent HR department

2.0 Former Employee
Think twice.
Apr 19, 2022 - Referral Coordinator in Norwood, MA
Pros - the coworkers are cool and great to work with
Cons - The department is Understaffed and underpaid
Advice to Management - More compassion for the employees is needed. And the understanding that they are not robots. More recognition would be great as well

1.0 Current Employee, more than 8 years
Can’t trust Atrius
Apr 21, 2022 - Registered Nurse
Pro - decent pay and good benefits
Cons - Upper leadership does not respect or place value in the nursing role. once again many nurses have been laid off and the staff left behind will be drowning. no transparency
Advice to Management - CEO is totally out of touch I can't believe he has been left there to ruin what was once a great place to work.

4.0 Current Employee, more than 10 years
Atrius Health
May 16, 2022 - Med Tech in Norwood, MA
Pros - Comparable benefits with other health care companies.
Cons - Small pay increases, merit not really considered

3.0 Current Employee, more than 3 years
good
May 19, 2022 - Systems Analyst 
Pros - Good work life balance; well managed organization
Cons - less competitive salary; reasonable benefits though

3.0 Current Employee
Hit or miss company
May 22, 2022 - Registered Nurse 
Pros - Super nice coworkers on my level. Everyone super helpful. Subsidized MBTA. No weekends and 10 paid holidays
Cons - Does not pay for parking on site, only MBTA. Not able to use sick/vacation time/request time off until after 6 months, no exceptions.

4.0 Current Employee, more than 1 year
Good Company
May 30, 2022 - Team Leader in Boston, MA
Pros - Pay, benefits, parking, career advancement.
Cons - I do not have any cons.

4.0 Current Employee, less than 1 year
Great company overall
Jun 1, 2022 - Medical Assistant in Boston, MA
Pros - Great work culture & everyone is so nice.
Cons - Atrius should host events (e.g. lunches) to celebrate the hard work of their healthcare workers. Low pay for MAs.
Advice to Management - Need to hire more qualified & motivated people.

3.0 Current Employee
Okay
Jun 1, 2022 - Coordinator 
Pros - It is alright, not the best, but it’s a job. My coworkers are great
Cons - There are a good amount of cons

3.0 Current Employee, more than 5 years
Team Lead Medical Assistant in Oncology
Jun 23, 2022 - Team Lead/Medical Assistant in Boston, MA
Pros - A rewarding and satisfying job, helping people.
Cons - Long hours and very demanding.
Advice to Management - Stay organized and energetic.

4.0 Current Employee
Great company
Jun 30, 2022 - Pharmacy Technician in Wellesley, MA
Pros - Benefits, upper management supportive clean diverse progressive
Cons - Becoming too much like CVS
Advice to Management - Stop turning the pharmacy into CVS, our customers were happier before.

2.0 Former Employee, more than 10 years
All about money at the top
Jul 9, 2022 - RN Staff Nurse in Boston, MA
Pros – Co-workers, union support, separate vacation and sick time thanks to union negotiators
Cons - No raises or cost of living for 2-3 years. Even during Covid CEO and minions including a “chief people person “??? All got 100k ++++ then they laid off most senior nurses in case management
Advice to Management - Have a heart for the front-line workers Pay it forward

4.0 Former Employee, more than 5 years
Excellent Opportunities
Jul 6, 2022 - Patient Financial Services Team Lead in Quincy, MA
Pros - Work/life balance. Growth Opportunities. Interchangable skills.
Cons - Patient interaction not always friendly

4.0 Former Employee
Good pay
Jul 9, 2022 - Medical Assistant 
Pros - Good pay Fast paced environment
Cons - Too much workload No work life balance

1.0 Current Employee
Healthcare
Jul 12, 2022 - Anonymous Employee
Pros - Flexible hours. Parking garage. 401k match
Cons - Patients are just a number. Old building and technology
Advice to Management -Staff and patients come first. Not profits.

2.0 Former Employee, more than 10 years
Not a very good place to work
Jul 13, 2022 - Patient Check-in and Check-out
Pros - used to be a good place to work
Cons - Moral is very low, employees are stressed and overworked
Advice to Management - Hire more people and compensate them accordingly not standard 2% raise whether you work or not

4.0 Former Employee, more than 3 years
Great place to work
Jul 14, 2022 - Clinical Nurse Manager in Cambridge, MA
Pros - Positive attitude peer to pee
Cons - Turnover of lower paid staff

1.0 Former Employee, more than 3 years
Horrible
Jul 18, 2022 - Certified Medical Assistant (CMA) 
Pros - Salary is competitive, benefits are decent.
Cons - Overall corporation does not care about the little people, no support or understanding from management, turnover rate is ridiculously high, little to no positive improvements.
Advice to Management - Listen to your staff to understand grievances. Support your staff and work with them to create a healthier work environment.

4.0 Current Employee
Patient Service Rep
Jul 24, 2022 - Patient Service Representative in Norwood, MA
Pros - You get to work fully remotely
Cons - There can be a lack of communication with management

4.0 Current Employee, more than 3 years
Internal Medicine NP
Jul 26, 2022 - Nurse Practitioner
Pros - Wonderful support staff, 1:1 MA’s. Unionized. Easy to get advice from specialist within Atrius quickly which helps get patients what they need while awaiting specialist appointments. Labs and X-ray on site at all locations, no weekends or holidays for IM. Staff are all very kind and patient focused. 20% admin time based on your FTE.
Cons - Increasing patient demands, with so many patient touch points that are all on you. Lacking enough nursing support so can’t use them as much as would be ideal, job would be easier if I could off load more to them but they are seriously overwhelmed by calls and patient messages. Union is a positive and negative, can interfere with negotiations for yourself.
Advice to Management - Hire more nurses to support your clinicians. Set reasonable expectations for number of encounters per week. Complete market assessment to ensure competitive pay. Thank NP’s for their flexibility.

3.0 Current Employee
Review
Aug 3, 2022 - Medical Assistant
Pros - Many locations to choose from
Cons - Not very good at communication and uplifting morale
Advice to Management - Pay attention to your lower level staff

5.0 Current Employee
Pediatrics
Aug 11, 2022 - Medical Assistant in Concord, MA
Pros - Nice environment to work in, everyone is super nice
Cons - I’m new so far no cons

3.0 Current Employee
nn
Aug 19, 2022 - Prior Authorization Coordinator 
Pros - good benefits and good co-workers
Cons - no room for growth, not very good management

5.0 Current Employee
atrius
Aug 22, 2022 - Administrative 
Pros - great place to work  friendly and good insurance
Cons - do not have any cons

2.0 Current Employee
For profit
Aug 22, 2022 - Registered Nurse 
Pros -The patients are mostly nice!
Cons -For profit business operates as such. They don't care if you die

5.0 Current Employee, more than 10 years
Atrius
Aug 24, 2022 - Certified Medical Assistant (CMA) in Plymouth, MA
Pros - Great employees, long term doctors that stay. Better pay than most medical offices
Cons - Long hours, no other cons

3.0 Former Employee
OK
Sep 7, 2022 - Medical Assistant 
Pros - Good Benefits when I was full time
Cons - Management is never around and doesn't know what they are doing
Advice to Management - Get trained before you try to tell staff how to do their jobs

3.0 Former Employee
moved away from original mission and care
Sep 16, 2022 - Registered Nurse Case Manager
Pros - colleagues including nurses and doctors are great. very caring, good care provided to patients
Cons - moved away from original mission and care model was nonprofit now for profit. Lay staff off to balance senior managements poor management. top heavy with administration

4.0 Current Employee, more than 10 years
Things are status kuo
Sep 19, 2022 - Consulting Supervisor 
Pros -Colleagues and long time employees
Cons - New employees that don’t know operations & haven’t been trained by their manager
Advice to Management - Be on the floor more, get out of your office. Listen to what is happening to make instant improvements on staff. Bring secretaries back on site not remote!

4.0 Current Employee
good place to work
Sep 20, 2022 - Registered Nurse 
Pros - compensation is fair and equal
Cons - no cons that i can think of

2.0 Current Employee
Management
Sep 22, 2022 - Ophthalmic Assistant 
Pros - Friendly place to work at
Cons - Do not agree with company’s policies
Advice to Management - Change certain policies

3.0 Former Employee
it was fine
Sep 22, 2022 - Medical Assistant 
Pros - the environment is nice and some room for growth
Cons - low pay and they do not offer higher salaries off negotiation

4.0 Former Employee
Registered Nurse
Sep 23, 2022 - Registered Nurse, BSN in Boston, MA
Pros - Benefits/Insurance, Competitive salary, Friendly Environment
Cons -Certain locations do not have parking

3.0 Former Employee
Middle Management Politics another issue in healthcare
Sep 23, 2022 - Anonymous Employee 
Pros - Hour long lunch, 401k match, health insurance benefits
Cons - Poor infrastructure that takes ages to be updated, silo method creates friction between departments and impacts patient care

5.0 Current Employee
Awesome place
Sep 26, 2022 - Physical Therapist 
Pros - Awesome colleagues and management from top to bottom
Cons - There isn’t any cons to be honest

3.0 Current Employee, more than 3 years
Pay
Sep 26, 2022 - Medical Assistant II in Quincy, MA
Pros - Good work environment and nice staff.
Cons - Low salary, non-flexible hours, no room for growth.

1.0 Current Employee, more than 3 years
Beware of HR
Sep 26, 2022 - Anonymous Employee 
Pros - Flexible schedule, and good PTO.
Cons - If you are part time, watch out because they will try everything they can to not pay the 401k matching.
Focused to much on volume, not patient satisfaction.
Advice to Management - Don't hide behind legalese

4.0 Current Employee
Good company
Sep 26, 2022 - Registered Nurse 
Pros - Good company , good benefits, Union in some locations
Cons - Average pay, minimal raises. Poor management

3.0 Former Employee
Ok
Sep 29, 2022 - Anonymous Employee 
Pros - Not very many maybe pto for some people
Cons - Pay is low even for certified people

4.0 Former Employee
Good starter
Oct 2, 2022 - Medical Secretary in Boston, MA
Pros - Great environment, room to grow
Cons - Upper management ca n be out of touch

4.0 Current Employee
Great
Oct 23, 2022 - Medical Assistant 
Pros - Good work culture, kind people
Cons - Poor pay, no free food or drinks

4.0 Current Employee
review
Oct 26, 2022 - Medical Assistant in Boston, MA
Pros - great co-workers, supportive clinicians, great ways to learn
Cons - the building is an old facility

4.0 Current Employee
MA
Oct 28, 2022 - Medical Assistant in Boston, MA
Pros - Nice people, good benefits. Clean facilities.
Cons - Little room for growth Pay not great

5.0 Current Employee, more than 8 years
Honest review
Nov 17, 2022 - Physician in Boston, MA
Pros - Physicians are well cared for. Especially during and post Covid. Flexible timings and schedules to suit each one’s preference, adequate nurse// APC support are awesome
Cons - Turnover rates are high

5.0 Current Employee
Good
Dec 1, 2022 - Registered Nurse 
Pros - There is good staff and leadership
Cons - Not applicable. It is a good place to work

5.0 Current Employee, more than 5 years
A Great place to work
Dec 5, 2022 - Physician 
Pros - Flexible hours and many locations
Cons - Can be isolating to work in an outlying office by oneself

1.0 Former Employee, more than 8 years
Horrible
Dec 15, 2022 - Anonymous Employee
Pros - Some flexibility with work schedules
Cons - They merge with different companies every couple of years, each worse than the previous. No respect or appreciation for staff. No bonuses or incentives to boost morale. Disgusting.
Advice to Management - If I could give no stars, I would. Start thinking about your staff first. They are the ones who make your company look good. Morale is down.

4.0 Current Employee
Solid work place
Dec 16, 2022 - Medical Assistant 
Pros- Friendly and passionate coworkers. It's a great place to practice teamwork skills.
Cons - Your experience will differ by location. Understaffed locations are more overwhelming.

4.0 Current Employee, more than 1 year
Good pay but nonstop calls & frequent changes
Dec 18, 2022 - Patient Service Representative 
Pros - WFH job and get paid a really good amount. My boss is very nice and supportive.
Cons - The amount of phone calls and the frequency of changes. I like change but the constant changes makes it difficult to be consistent with your job. The calls come back to back nonstop. No time to breathe because of the lack of staff. Overturn seems to happen a lot.

4.0 Current Employee
The People
Dec 29, 2022 - Medical Assistant in Somerville, MA
Pros - Awesome staff, large company, lots of resources
Cons -out of touch supervisors, dumb management

3.0 Current Employee
f
Jan 1, 2023 - Registered Nurse, BSN 
Pros - good company, to work for
Cons - issues with current salaries, hiring new nurses at higher salaries than current nursing staff

4.0 Former Employee, more than 3 years
Good
Jan 10, 2023 - Pharmacy Technician 
Pros - I had a good experience and the department is very helpful and the work pace is fast so always learning something new.
Cons - I was not full time so not so good benefits and pay

1.0 Former Employee, more than 1 year
Keep looking
Jan 16, 2023 - Patient Service Representative
Pros - No pros to list. The grass isn't always greener on the other side.
Cons - Low pay. Nonstop call center where you get verbally abused by patients all day. Everything is timed down to bathroom breaks. No culture. Micro management at its finest. Negatively effected mental health.

4.0 Current Employee, less than 1 year
Great job opportunities
Jan 19, 2023 - Patient Service Representative in Watertown, MA
Pros - I love being able to work from home. Coworkers and leaders are all nice. Health insurance and some benefits including partial tuition reimbursement, 401K, and HSA are offered if you work at least 20 hours per week.
Cons - The calls per day goal can be difficult to achieve when complying with phone etiquette ie. warm transferring between departments when there is a hold to get to a rep.

3.0 Current Employee
Atrius
Jan 26, 2023 - Cash Manager 
Pros - Learned a lot on the Heathcare side of finance.
Cons - The merger with the new parent company has damaged Atrius’ CORE values

5.0 Current Employee
Very happy
Feb 11, 2023 - Physician 
Pros - Good balance and support with minimal non clinical distractions
Cons - Lots of work filling the day up

5.0 Current Employee
Excellent transparency
Feb 11, 2023 - Physician 
Pros - Always know where I stand and have excellent support
Cons - Very busy - never really a bad thing though

4.0 Current Employee
Part time review
Feb 12, 2023 - Medical Director 
Pros - Option to continue employment at reduced FTE as senior physician
Cons - Provide long term heath care coverage option to long term employees

5.0 Former Employee, more than 1 year
Great place to work!
Feb 13, 2023 - Marketing Manager 
Pros - good colleagues, positive environment, growth potential
Cons - low pay and high work load

2.0 Current Employee, more than 3 years
Standard job
Mar 1, 2023 - Medical Assistant in Medford, MA
Pros - Decent pay, PTO and benefits, lenient
Cons - 2 percent yearly increase. Awful. Use it as a stepping stone. Don't get too comfortable.
Advice to Management
Increase the yearly increase and MAs will stay

4.0 Current Employee
Great place to work
Mar 7, 2023 - Pharmacy Supervisor in Watertown, MA
Pros - Best work life balance, benefits are amazing
Cons - It can be difficult to hire new staff

5.0 Current Employee
Atruis Pharmacy
Mar 10, 2023 - Pharmacist Manager 
Pros - Customer oriented care in a team environment with all health care professionals offering professional collaboration to provide exceptional care.
Cons - Fast paced and demanding customer-oriented care.
Advice to Management - More staff!

4.0 Former Employee
Great work life balance
Mar 15, 2023 - Chemistry Supervisor in Needham, MA
Pros - Flexible start time, great PTO, wonderful manager and team
Cons - Could be more flexible with work from home for Supervisors

5.0 Current Employee
Great place
Mar 17, 2023 - Front Desk 
Pros - great place to work. love it here
Cons - no downfalls... great place. would never leave

1.0 Former Employee
Good healthcare but not good work environment
Mar 20, 2023 - Secretary in Dedham, MA
Pros - Some nice people, most holidays off
Cons - Over worked, no support, lots of turnover
Advice to Management - Get more doctors

2.0 Current Employee, more than 10 years
Its Ok
Mar 22, 2023 - Medical Assistant in Concord, MA
Pros - Decent benefits, although if you want the most affordable health insurance option you MUST stay within Atrius Health for your care. Decent starting pay, higher than some multi- specialty healthcare facilities.
Cons - No sick time, you must use "earned time". Good luck trying to get a day off, always short staffed. No room for growth. Every few years they get bought out, each time its worse. During COVID we didn't see a raise or a contribution to our 401k because the company was in the red. Low morale, no incentive to do better. Zero appreciation from CEO all the way down to middle and lower management.
Advice to Management - Go back to the way things were 10 years ago.

4.0 Current Employee, more than 3 years
Pretty solid company
Mar 25, 2023 - Certified Ophthalmic Assistant (COA) in Boston, MA
Pros - Room for growth, hiring internally
Cons - Punitive system of "occurrences" if you are late or absent, they track them and add them up. Blanket policy rather than addressing problem employees individually

2.0 Former Employee, more than 1 year
Poor Management. Disorganized company
Mar 25, 2023 - Licensed Practical Nurse in Burlington, MA
Pros - Weekends off, holidays off. Good hours.
Cons - Poor Management. Very disorganized and no. Employee inclusion for changes in procedures. Alot of changes with no training. Not very much appreciation for good hard working employees.
Advice to Management - Get more training and accountability for managers.

4.0 Former Employee
Great first job out of NP school
Mar 26, 2023 - Nurse Practitioner 
Pros - internal transfer opportunities, the chance to learn from some very seasoned providers. Long ramp up, support from chief of my department.
Cons - pay isn't great, pressure to always see more patients and accomodate. As NP's still part of the union, but the structure of internal medicine dept means a lot of unpaid take home work.
Advice to Management - remove NP's from the union or pay them adequately, don't expect them to cover as many inbaskets without the same compensation their PA counterparts receive. Also midlevels shouldn't have same expectations for covering as PCPs.

4.0 Current Employee
Supportive environment for new NPs
Mar 27, 2023 - Nurse Practitioner in Boston, MA
Pros - Lots of support and training for new practitioners. There is always another APC or MD to talk to about any patient case and willing to help. Company is supportive of continuing education and has good benefits. It is a large company so it is easy to internally transfer if desired.
Cons - Pressure to see more and more patients in a short amount of time. Pay is just OK.

5.0 Former Employee
Good job
Mar 29, 2023 - Prescription Renewal Representative in Boston, MA
Pros -Great people to work for
Cons -too many people in the same job

1.0 Former Employee
No growth
Mar 31, 2023 - Medical Secretary in Wellesley, MA
Pros - Great Co workers to have
Cons - There’s no growth within the company. They pay you Pennie’s. Your over worked and under paid.
Advice to Management - Acknowledge and appreciate your staff.

4.0 Current Employee, more than 3 years
Decent
Apr 1, 2023 - Supervisor in Boston, MA
Pros - good benefits, don't have to deal with commuting/parking issues like at the Boston hospitals.
Cons - slow to change, leadership is a bit antiquated.

3.0 Current Employee
Great colleagues, difficult administration
Apr 5, 2023 - Therapist in Peabody, MA
Pros - Colleagues and clinical work were wonderful.
Cons - Financial situation for company led to less clinical autonomy.
Advice to Management - Renegotiate contract and let clinicians determine treatment plans

5.0 Current Employee
Great Company
Apr 6, 2023 - Registered Nurse in Braintree, MA
Pros - Great company to work for - good to their employees- great benefits
Cons - Although great benefits - payscale could be higher

1.0 Former Employee
lived in poverty working here
Apr 7, 2023 - Medical Secretary II in Wellesley, MA
Pros - there were no pros here
Cons - literally, everything about working here was a con
Advice to Management - pay your people a living wage

4.0 Former Employee, less than 1 year
Working as a Medical Assistant
Apr 11, 2023 - Medical Assistant in Boston, MA
Pros - Good hours, great doctors who are willing to help you advance, good exposure if you are trying to get clinical hours to go back to school.
Cons - Supervisors are dismissive, somewhat unorganized, patient population can be demanding and mean.
