5 Stars - great place to work vewry nice people
Phlebotomist/Lab Assistant (Former Employee) - West Roxbury, MA - March 9, 2012
I would give the company a 5 star rating. The staff was very friendly very easy to get along with.
Pros - free lunches

5 Stars - Great place to work!
Medical Secretary/Medical Administrative Assistant (Current Employee) - Chelmsford, MA - April 2, 2012
Harvard Vanguard Medical Associates (HVMA) is a wonderful place to work. The Chelmsford location has a very low turnover rate. They are a one of the smaller practices; yet, they are not small.
Pros - free parking

5 Stars - Great Corporation
Medical Secretary II (Former Employee) - Peabody, MA - May 30, 2012
Great managers, Flexible, great environment to work in, employees appreciated, Tools and classes to learn more, Tuition reimbursement
Pros - excellent benefit package

5 Stars - a very rewarding and pleasant place to work. wonderful teamwork!
Radiologic Technologist (Current Employee) - Wellesley, MA - June 27, 2012
everyday brings new challenges and patients to care for. working as a part of a team is very rewarding and accomplishing. managment is very understanding to the staff, and makes everyone's job easier to accomplish.
Pros - good benefits, vacation time
Cons - long commute, not much space for parking or privacy for staff

3 Stars - Productive and inspiring place to work
Pharmacy Graduate Intern (Former Employee) - Quincy, MA - July 5, 2012
The first few hours were always very, very busy. It subsides in the afternoon, may be after 2 to 3pm. I learned a lot about purchasing, retailing and inventory management, the latest drug manufacture and how to navigate with the computer system. The management was good and effective, ready to assist me with all my questions and put me through how to make effective use of what the management had to offer then, when I worked with them. The co-workers very friendly, ready to help.
The most enjoyable part of the work was I was able to practice my profession ethically.
Pros - free breakfast at times, even lunch ocassionally.
Cons - short breaks. the health insurance coverage i was offered then, was about the best in massachusttes.

3 Stars - great place to work
Medical Secretary (Current Employee) - Cambridge, MA - July 7, 2012
great benefits, my co workers a great. the day ranges, some days can be extremely busy, other days can be slow. the hardest part about my job is trying to please everyone.
Pros - parking accomodations, bonueses

4 Stars - Awesome place
Medical Assistant II (Former Employee) - Boston, MA - July 17, 2012
I was a medical assistant and i worked with a great team, Excellent training

5 Stars - great place to work
Medical Assistant (Former Employee) - Boston, MA - July 19, 2012
never a down time keeps you busy all day, everyone eas nice to me hepled me when ever i needed it. loved doing my externship there they taught me alot

4 Stars - Healthcare company with strong commitment to the community
Radiology Assistant (Current Employee) - Boston, Mass - August 21, 2012
The most enjoyable part of the job is always centered around patient satisfaction. People come to Harvard Vanguard primarily because they are sick, so helping patients to overcome their healthcare issues is extremely rewarding.

1 Star - no challenges
Medical Receptionist (Former Employee) - Boston, MA - August 27, 2012
I learn customern service, which help me enhance my skills with fellow employee and customers.

4 Stars - Good place to work
Administrative Coordinator (Former Employee) - Boston, MA - September 8, 2012
Geat place to learn and meet new people. I am a systems person and was given the opportunity to coordinate and make changes to a system that was eventually centralized. A great opportunity.

4 Stars - Very good job,always accomadating as a single mother.
Medical Assistant/Phone Triage (Former Employee) - Medford, MA - September 26, 2012
It was a wonderful job. I worked there for 23yrs. I made life long relationships with my co-workers,and pt's. It was a great place to work. I learned so much. I worked in every department as a multi-specialty float. The hardest and the most enjoyable part of my last job as an internal medicine triage person on the phones.
Pros - pay, people
Cons - it was hard to please everyone, but i tried everyday to help my pts.

4 Stars - Overall good place to work
Medical Assistant II (Former Employee) - Boston, MA - October 6, 2012
Very busy place to work. Good teamwork amongst co workers. Hardest part of the day is finding time to get all the work done. Most enjoyable part of the day is helping the patients
Pros - union
Cons - pay/benefits

5 Stars - Love this job
Medical Assistant (Current Employee) - Peabody, MA - October 10, 2012
I work every other weekend in urgent care. I get along great with co-workers. The job overall is very enjoyable.
Pros - free lunches
Cons - short breaks

3 Stars - Professional workplace
Medical Assistant Extern (Former Employee) - Somerville, MA - October 22, 2012
I was a summer Extern working Monday-Friday from 9a-4:30p. There were 4 physicians total where three of them, I assisted with. I learned what is expected of a Medical Assistant and the expectations of different physicians. One was very fast paced, one wasn't and one was actually at work once a month.I also learned that not all places require all the skills I learned while in school but I am happy to have learned it. Management and the co-workers were overall friendly and helpful. The hardest part of the job was waiting for something to do next. It was very slow Monday- Wednesday and it sped up on Thursdays. The most enjoyable part was direct patient care.
Pros - mbta accessible
Cons - small break room

5 Stars - Help Desk Analyst
Help Desk Analyst (Former Employee) - Needham, Mass. - November 27, 2012
Answering multiple incoming calls from customers about their computer/printer issues and helping them either remotely or over the phone. I learned a great deal at this job as far as customer service and call escalation. My coworkers were great to work with and were always there to assist if needed. Hardest part of the job might be to deal with a customer that is not satisfied no matter the effort put forth. Enjoyable part of the job was to be able to help and educate the customer and to make sure the customer is always satisfied.
Pros - talking to and helping people
Cons - learning to deal with stress in a constructive manner.

5 Stars - Good place to work
Medical Secretary I (Current Employee) - Needham, MA - November 28, 2012
good place to work, lots of advancement and friendly staff.

5 Stars - Friendly, patient focused, great work environment
Cardiac Amyloidosis Research Coordinator (Current Employee) - Boston, MA - December 3, 2012
I have worked at Harvard Vanguard in Kenmore Square for almost five years. The employees are friendly to eachother and to patients. The company has good benefits that encourage career development and learning.
Pros - friendly environment
Cons - as with many healthcare jobs, there is little room for upward movement

3 Stars - excellent co-worker support
LPN Staff Nurse (Former Employee) - Concord, MA - January 17, 2013
worked there for many years. co-workers are awesome it truly is a "team" environment. Management isn't very supportive.
Pros - patient contact, excellent co-workers. md' are awesome
Cons - to many meetings, constant change in work flow, sometimes without even being told of the change, then being spoken to about not following work flow. management not very supportive.

4 Stars - Nice place to work
Medical Assistant (Current Employee) - Wellesley, MA - February 4, 2013
I have been taught a lot about healthcare here from the people I work with.

4 Stars - productive work place, fast paced, friendly
Ophthalmology Assistant (Former Employee) - Quincy, MA - February 24, 2013
would open rooms every morning and make sure rooms were stocked correctly for the current doctor that was working in that room, i would triage phone calls and book appointments depending to patients problem and emergency issue. Daily stock orders for office supplies and patient supplies (ex. contact lenses,solutions ect). i would prep/clean up for surgical procedures. Teach Contact lens classes(insertion and removals). My coworkers were very friendly and extremely helpful when needed.
Pros - interacting/helping patients, friendly staff and patients
Cons - required certification after 9 yrs, change in job tasks alot

4 Stars - Fun and never a dull moment.
Medical Assistant (Former Employee) - Boston, MA - March 28, 2013
Escorted patients to exam rooms, interviewed assisted in minor surgeries in the surgery department, kept track of patients follow up patients,ordered labs and front desk coverage. I learned a lot in this position, how to relate to the physician by paying attention to the surgeons needs and to the different patient that came into the clinic and understanding their needs. The co-workers and I got along and helped each other. The hardest part was Learning how to relate to the different personalities of co-workers and some physicians and the patients who was really sick and didn't know how to interpret their feelings. I enjoyed assisting in surgeries prepping for the surgery, suturing,cleaning wounds and giving home care instructions just loved it.
Pros - experience
Cons - management

4 Stars - MRI Technologist
Per diem MRI Technologist (Current Employee) - Weymouth, MA - April 3, 2013
Currently employed at Harvard Vanguard as a per diem MRI Technologist. Appointments are every half hour so the flow is constant. There is no time to waste and everything must run smoothly to remain on time. Co workers are friendly and knowledgeable.
Pros - friendly atmosphere.

4 Stars - Pleasant work environment as a result of warm, friendly, and intelligent staff
Register Nurse (Current Employee) - Wellesley, MA - April 13, 2013
At HVMA I have had the opportunity to work with knowledgeable and supportive physicians, nurse practitioners, physician assistants, medical assistants, and medical secretaries. I have been fortunate to have access to valuable medical resources such as Up To Date and am able to utilize this educational material daily when needed. As compared to my previous employment I have learned far more here than anywhere else I have worked including hospital settings. HVMA gave me the opportunity to further my education while I worked and offered me tuition reimbursement. I am very grateful for that benefit. Unfortunately, like many nursing positions it is difficult to manage work and personal life. I am not really sure if that is possible in any other place of nursing employment either but I am still searching.
Pros - lunch time educational offerings
Cons - difficult to get out of work on time

4 Stars - Rn
Triage Nurse (Current Employee) - West Roxbury, MA - April 16, 2013
Wonderful Job. Work with great professionals. Triaging phone calls and providing patient care over the phone starts my day. Patient teaching with patients diagnosed with DM and HTN mid afternoon. Co-workers are supportive and intelligent.
Pros - provides excellent health care
Con - volume

4 Stars - Large internal medicine practice with opportunity to learn
LPN Staff Nurse (Former Employee) - West Roxbury, MA - June 4, 2013
Busy environment patients had scheduled appts and there was also and urgent care department for walk in patients, As part of our job working in clinical area or urgent care nursing had to show good skills and have the flexibility to work in either environment as called for. Co-workers worked together, assisting each other as needed.
Pros - Close to home, good learning experience
Cons - Phased out LPNs

3 Stars - Bad administration
Medical Assistant (Former Employee) - Wellesley - June 11, 2013
I loved working here but the administration part of the company is very unprofessional. They chose who they want to hire specially if is a friend or a family of any of them. And if they don’t like you forget it they will make your life hell. And Yes you will be in the supervisor’s office all the time. NO JOKE! What made my life easier was my co-workers which I loved very much.
Pros - Love the area
Cons - Parking

4 Stars - productive and organized workplace
Receptionist (Former Employee) - Boston, MA - June 20, 2013
A typical day at work was busy but organized. I learned time management with patients and organization with referrals. Management at Harvard Vanguard was excellent and the co workers where helpful and polite. The hardest part of the job was dealing with difficult patients and the most enjoyable part of the job was pleasing the patients.
Pros - Clean Waiting Area
Cons - Late Patients

3 Stars - great coworkers, free parking
Medical Secretary II (Former Employee) - Wellesley,MA - July 18, 2013
free parking,good benefits. administration always showing staff appreciation
Pros - free parking, friendly atmosphere
Cons - no privacy, patients allowed to "hang out" in STAFF lounge.

4 Stars - Busy multi-physician/specialy practice.
Senior Medical Assistant (Current Employee) - Burlington, MA - August 9, 2013
Excellent company to work for, high quality care for patients and employees.
Cons - healh insurance cost

5 Stars - Awesome place to have worked good benefits very accomodating with single parents
Patients Account Representative (Former Employee) - Concord, MA - August 16, 2013
Harvard vanguard is a good place to work they offer excellent benefits and are extremely flexible when it comes to their full time employees and families especially single moms

3 Stars - Diverse community
Referral Coordinator (Current Employee) - Cambridge, MA - August 23, 2013
Busy office, diverse community, employees work well together.
Pros - Great co-workers
Cons - Little room for growth

1 Star - stay away, if you're not family, you're not working here
medical assitant (Former Employee) - wellesley - September 4, 2013
supervisors manipulate every situation to work AGAINST you. Ever hear of "open door" policy? FORGET IT. mention a situation that violates your rights, your health, or a patient's safety or health and you are discharged within 24 hours. (and they WILL let you know that they are not obligated to give you any reason). Its not worth it, find work elsewhere.
Pros - coworkers are great, when they aren't stabbing you in the back.
Cons - everything else

4 Stars - wonderful company
ROI Secretary/Data Clerk,Medical Records Dept. (Former Employee) - Cambridge, MA - September 11, 2013
filed charts and pulled charts, file labs and progress notes, etc. Answered calls from med assistants ,NP, MDs for charts, reviewed charts for release of records all or certain records, ran reports, school and camp forms completed, picked up charts from offices when needed, was in charge of money rec'd for medical records.
Pros - good location, good co.
Cons - layoffs

4 Stars - Good Work Environment
Business Analyst (Former Employee) - Needham, MA - September 26, 2013
Positive place for advancement, will promote from within.
Pros - Flexible work schedule
Cons - Lack of leadership from administrative level.

5 Stars - Outstanding Employer
Senior Project Manager for Chief Operating Officer (Former Employee) - Newton Corporate Office, Office of the COO - November 3, 2013
I was very fortunate to work for HVMA for the past 15 years. My work experience during those years varied based on the positions I held e.g. Administrator of Watertown HVMA office versus Senior Project Manager during my last three years.
As an Administrator I was responsible for the day to day operation of one particular location. Responsibilities encompassed everything from budget creation, to implementation of work standards which would help us reach organizational goals. Management was always supportive and willing to listen to issues and concerns. Co-workers, ( other site administrators ), were collegial and equally supportive.
The hardest part of that particular job was managing to reach goals while balancing budget concerns.
The most enjoyable part was the day to day interaction with the site's staff. This job was my "second family".

That position was fulltime.

The last three years I had the opportunity of working directly for the Chief Operating Officer. This was not a new reporting matrix for me as she had also been my direct supervisor during the last three years of my work as a site administrator. The project work was very satisfying since it allowed me free range to utilize my prior job skills, especially a thorough understanding of patient experience expectations. I was fortunate to also work with a very dedicated individual who was responsible for the organizational rollout of the Harvard Vanguard Service Excellence Program. I was able to help in assisting with various aspects of that rollout, as well as provide site service excellence audits with follow-up audit reports.

This position was a 30 hrs/week salaried job. I retired at the end of January 2013 to care for a close friend

3 Stars - Pleasant
Team Leader (Current Employee) - Boston, MA - November 7, 2013
Great Place to work at when your just startingh out I have learned by working in different Depts. Hardest part of the job is trying to please all patients being up to speak with patients and getting the input what we can do better
Pros - Making patient experiencing a happy one
Cons - Under Staffed

4 Stars - Busy and fun place to work..
Medical Assistant /Temporary assignment (Former Employee) - Concord, MA - November 17, 2013
This was a very good company to work for; there was always work available. This company is a prime example of good team players.
Pros - There is always work to be done.
Cons - Temporary assignment.

1 Star - Working with Patients/Good Working with coworkers/Nightmare
Medical Secretary (Former Employee) - Concord, Ma. - November 22, 2013
The most important thing I learned from this experience is never trust anyone you work with as they will turn on you like a dime. Longevity for a Supervisor isn't necessarily an admirable quality.
HR does NOT care about it's employees and Administration is completely out of touch with employee bullying. More concerned with keeping their diversity numbers up rather than letting go of low level workers. Some Supervisors look the other way regarding employee bashing, gossiping, frequent snack breaks, using work phone to book tummy tuck appointments while working in the lab and online shopping. Totally the most toxic work environment you can imagine thru out the entire group.
Hardest part of the job was coming to work everyday knowing I had to listen to gossiping and backstabbing all day long. Negligence went unnoticed in the Laboratory of all places!
Most enjoyable part of the job was the patients and leaving.
Pros - hour lunch and paycheck
Cons - everything else especially inadequate supervisors that do not promote learning and advancement

2 Stars - professionalism and ethics
office manager (Former Employee) - Boston, MA - December 5, 2013
I found this company to be too focused on numbers and data analysis rather than patient care. I worked for them for a short time before deciding to join an other organization that better fit my ethics. Boston has some of the best healthcare available within our country. I would not waste my time and money with HVMA/ATRIUS. You are only cheating yourself in the long run.
Cons - knowledge of healthcare providers

4 Stars - Great Job
Medical Assistant (Former Employee) - Boston, MA - January 14, 2014
A great place to work, learn and grow. You can advance your career if you set our mind to it, great benefits

5 Stars - very good
Medical Assistant II special procedures (Current Employee) - Braintree MA - January 23, 2014
This is a great company to work for. I had a really great experience.

5 Stars - Superior Medical Group. Multicultural
Patient Access Representative-Dental (Former Employee) - Boston, MA - January 23, 2014
A typical day at work was detail oriented and filled with numerous tasks and duties. Phones were always busy. Pretty Friendly atmosphere. Co-workers were very helpful. The hardest part of my job was learning the billing system. The most enjoyable part of my job was helping people.

5 Stars - Excellent wages and benefits
Clinical Support Team Leader (Current Employee) - Chelmsford, MA - January 28, 2014
Have been working here for a total of 21 years with a small break in between. The beneifts of this company are wonderful. Reasonable medical and dental costs, 10 paid Holidays, fast accruing vacation time and an additional 2 personal days. Corporate mangement cares about what the front line is doing and will listen if changes are needed. Although my direct report is not always in the know, I can find what I need easily. Co-workers are great and are very helpful.

5 Stars - job likes to promote within
Clinical/Regional Supervisor (Former Employee) - Boston, MA - March 18, 2014
supportive staff, like to promote within. give you the tools to be succesful.
Pros - always supported
Cons - staffing sometimes challenging

4 Stars - Lots of Growth
EMR Applications Support Analyst (Current Employee) - Dedham, MA - April 3, 2014
A typical day is troubleshoot, support, build, design and create. I have learned lots of workflows and technical background

5 Stars - Productive
Clinical Assistant (Current Employee) - Boston, MA - May 15, 2014
This workplace has a diverse and good work enviroment, employees get along well.
Pros - Salary, Vacation, benefits
Cons - Far from my dwelling

4 Stars - good benefits
Cpht Certified Pharmacy Technician (Current Employee) - Braintree, MA - May 29, 2014
Very busy, time fly's by. Good benefits. Good co-workers. Not a very flexible schedule and sometimes short on staff.
Pros - Benefits
Cons - Short staff

3 Stars - Hit or miss with each site
Medical Assistant (Current Employee) - Boston, MA - June 12, 2014
HVMA has many clinical sites and each one is very different from the next. Perhaps it depends on the location, or the management, or the work culture that is created but, what you experience at one site may very well not go on at another one. I can only speak about the site I work at. A certain culture has been created that is not conducive to an individual's growth and advancement. There is no respect among the staff and management has a poor handle on the internal problems that plagues the site. Outwardly patients can sense the lack of cohesion among the staff as well.
This said, I cannot complain about the outstanding benefits that include HVMA paying 80% of your tuition up to $5,000 per year. You have the option to have them give you the money before you start the class as well.

3 Stars - Atrius encourages diversity in their hiring of staff and cares for a diverse population of patients.
ambulatory case manager (Current Employee) - Somerville, MA - April 9, 2020
This is the largest nonprofit healthcare to work for in the Boston area. It struggles to hire and maintain staff with a lot of turnover. It is difficult for them to compete with Partners and Lahey.

1 Star - Horrible place to work
Does it matter place is a joke (Former Employee) - Multiple - August 13, 2020
Supervisor don’t have a clue the fake it with managers they ask the employees to do the work and fake it to her managers managers don’t have a clue they get lied to played by there supervisors there too lazy to follow up. Supervisor come and go as they please and don’t use there earned time. Tell there staff they going shopping run errands awhile dumb managers always calling them on the cell not the office phone and there lieing to managers
Pros - None
Cons - Unhappy that’s why I left

3 Stars - Great coworkers
Medical Secretary (Former Employee) - Boston, MA - August 15, 2020
Manager was a micromanager. It’s a good entry level job into health care,I wouldn’t recommend staying longerterm unless you are using the tuition reimbursement to complete a degree.

5 Stars - Very helpful and professional staff to work with
Medical Assistant (Current Employee) - Boston, MA - September 14, 2020
Working there has been a journey for me, it is my first job since my internship. I learn a lot working there and the staff have been very helpful to me. 

3 Stars - Good benefit, but the work loads are stressful. Overwork us
Medical Assistant I (Current Employee) - Chelmsford, MA - September 27, 2020
Good benefits, but the workloads are stressful(overwork) every day. Additional tasks are added with no time to complete your other works, and no coverage.

2 Stars - Look somewhere else
Lab Assistant/Specimen Processor (Former Employee) - Needham, MA - October 11, 2020
If you don't have a problem being yelled at on a daily basis and being called out your name this is the company for you. It is a bully culture. The 0 tolerance policy is just for handbook purposes. When complaints were made it was treated with a laugh and taken as a joke. Pto is accrued but it is hard getting time off approved. Definitely would not recommend this company to anyone I care about. It has a good location and free parking.
Pros - parking, location, pto
Cons - cost of benefits, small workspaces

2 Stars - Started out great, went downhill fast
Medical Assistant (Former Employee) - Concord, MA - October 12, 2020
Worked in Pediatrics for more than 6 years, pay was better than other similar jobs in my area. Location was convenient and most of the staff were great, after changing hands multiple times the company began to go downhill. I felt like I no longer had a say in anything, management never had anything positive to say, but always pointed out your alleged faults. I felt completely defeated at the end of the day. A lot of long time staff are huge contributors to the office drama. It's too bad, because they really used to be a great company before they got too big and stopped caring about their employees.

4 Stars - Great employees
LPN Wound Care Nurse (Former Employee) - Chelmsford, MA - October 14, 2020
I worked at Atrius Health (Harvard Vanguard Medical Associates) for 17 years. I loved working there. I was able to grow within the company. I was given the opportunity to teach both patients and staff. I loved the providers that I worked with in Internal Medicine and Dermatology. Providers were willing to listen to the nurses when they had concerns. It was a wonderful teaching and learning environment.
Pros - Good health benefits

4 Stars - Productive workplace where you can focus on the tasks at hand
Billing Representative (Former Employee) - Norwood, MA - December 15, 2020
When I worked there, there were two central billing offices. One of which is not open anymore. The only reason I left the job is they closed the office I was working at. I also felt that Chelmsford was too far of a commute.
Pros - Paid 1hr lunch
Cons - Focus on productivity only

2 Stars - Associate Nurse Leader
Associate Nurse Leader (Former Employee) - Cambridge, MA - January 24, 2021
The employee's in the group as a whole are a nice group of people who work together well and support each other. I saw genuine caring with the employee's of the Cambridge Practice. However, the site leader was awful. Micro-managing everything and not including everyone in important practice based communication. E.g, leaving the Associate Nurse Leader out of the loop on clinical information that had a direct important for the nursing staff. The ppractice manager had favorites and and on the other hand those he despised for no apparent reason. He never gave praise when it was due or acknowledged any staff going above and beyond. He was a PA and not equipped to oversee the practice. In no way shape or form did he ever support the department of nursing but rather undermined the nurses starting with the Associate Nurse Leader in any way he could. In addition senior leadership did not respond to phone call, e-mail, and letters to them via regular mail asking for help and their assessment of the above noted.
Pros - Good benefits. Adequate pay. Free parking.
Cons - The Practice Manager. Secior leadership not addressing concerns about the practice manager.

2 Stars - Unprofessional, Child-like staff
Medical Receptionist (Former Employee) - Dedham, MA - February 12, 2021
This company is good at first but once they get comfortable, it becomes clear how immature and unprofessional their team is. Even down to the clinicians, they play favorites very obviously and only show respect if you kiss up to them and act as their personal secretary. Among all other coworkers they continuously whisper and gossip to the point where it's extremely unprofessional and management does nothing but play along with it and gossip with them. When you speak up and tell management you have a problem they will fire you for having "a bad attitude". I use to dread having to go to work and deal with it all day everyday. Absolutely don't work for this company, it's a very toxic environment filled with unprofessional, bitter people.
Pros - Free Parking
Con - 
Not a healthy enviorment

3 Stars - Good People....good benefits
Regional Manager (Former Employee) - Boston, MA - February 22, 2021
Management structure could be better and advancement opportunities are lean. A lot of longevity which is an indication that people like to work here and respect each other 

1 Star - The worst place to work for with such poor management.If you are a minority good luck making it in this racist environment.
Medical Assistant (Former Employee) - Somerville, MA - February 28, 2021
I worked in Somerville and I was treated badly by management and doctors. I wouldn’t recommend this company even if you make a few dollars more it’s not worth your time and your peace of mind.
This company has such bad management that they only look at numbers and performance. It isn’t about patient care any longer it’s just micromanagement and bonuses at the end of the year for manager and supervisors. No wonder why staff quits. 

5 Stars - I loved the patient population
Medical Administrative Assistant (Former Employee) - Boston, MA - March 11, 2021
I enjoyed the patient and staff during my time there. I really felt I was part of a team, I knew everyone from janitors to CEO's. There is not too much more I can say it's a great place to work. I spent 8 years there and would still be there if the company did not downsize.
Pros - Ability to move up
Cons - company is downsizing

1 Star - Do not work here
RN (Current Employee) - Norwood, MA - April 10, 2021
If you like to be Micro managed, listen to gossip by everyone, including your manager, and treated poorly, then work here. Was miserable the whole time I worked here. Not listened to. No training, no support. Left alone many times during "training". Worst manager ever worked for. Expected to know everything about the job when not taught anything. Dread going to work. All about status, getting patients in and out (and number of pts) and no focus on patient care. Terrible place to work for.
Pros - Pay
Cons - Poor management, no support, hostile work environment

1 Star - Don’t work here
LPN (Licensed Practical Nurse) (Current Employee) - Boston, MA - April 11, 2021
Terrible place to work if you’re an LPN. Overworked and under paid, no support from management. Expected to do all RN tasks and laughed at when you ask for more money. No room for growth, advancement, and not valued. LPNs have no union so they are often overlooked and no one to fight for them, especially management. Apply somewhere else, like a hospital. You’ll be treated better.
Pros - No holidays
Cons - Pay, atmosphere, environment

5 Stars - good place to work if you want a long term career
Data Center Operator (Former Employee) - Boston, MA - May 11, 2021
good place to work if you want a long term career.
Most people at Atrius either have been here for over 10 to 20 yrs or they are on their way to those milestones. from the mail room to the boardroom.

5 Stars - Great experience, excellent compensation and benefits
Licensed Practical Nurse (Current Employee) - Plymouth, MA - July 4, 2021
Atrius health has been an exceptional place to work for. Excellent compensation and benefits. Opportunities for growth in company. Supervisors are knowledgeable and have been supportive of growth and development in clinical skills related to job. Everyone who works here is a team player. All around exceptional work environment. Highly recommended.
Pros - Excellent compensation and benefits
Cons - None

4 Stars - Productive workplace
MFM Medical Assistant (Former Employee) - Norwood, MA - July 17, 2021
I enjoyed working in the OBGYN and MFM department's. All of the stuff were so dedicated to our patient population and the needs of the community. I will always have fond memories of the job I did and the relationships I made at Atrius. 

2 Stars - Stressful
Medical Assistant (Current Employee) - Boston, MA - July 20, 2021
Micromanagement, stressful environment, treat you without respect
Pros - Benefits
Cons - Not worth it

4 Stars - Fun and hard working environment
Certified Pharmacy Technician (Former Employee) - Brookline, MA - October 1, 2018
It’s overall a good company to work for. It’s the number 1 nonprofit in New England I believe. They generally care about their employees and try their best to put them first. The company is moderately laid back and have flexible-ish schedules. The pay is decent and the raises are ok. Benefits are absolutely wonderful. Very strict attendance policy. The coworkers were pretty fun and cool. A lot of room to grow but not too many opportunities for promotion.
Unfortunately, there was a Cvs influence that changed their value in employees and truly happy customers. So all the above mentioned things took a big hit except for the benefits. I came from a high stress environment that didn’t care about people at all. I chose this company because they cared but they drifted away from those morals which is what ultimately lead to my leaving the company.

4 Stars - Good Place to Work
Patient Access Representative / Medical Secretary I (Former Employee) - Plymouth, MA - October 29, 2021
Good place to work. Supportive team and supervisor. Very busy day, but day goes fast. Sometimes work in different locations so never get bored. Team cares about eachother like family.
Pros - Supportive team and supervisor
Cons - Understaffed so workload is high, however, they were hiring when I was there.

2 Stars - Management / Upper Management overworked
Patient Financial Services (Former Employee) - Chelmsford, MA - October 28, 2021
Work is exactly what to expect regarding patients. But Work culture and corporate mindset is toxic. Management/Upper Management make automatic assumptions about your character. Mistakes are not to be made. No Diversity in Management.
Pros - Pay Rate, Opportunity to work Remote
Cons - Have to keep your head down to be heard, Management too aggressive

3 Stars - Good people but unorganized mgmt
RN Staff Nurse (Former Employee) - Boston, MA - October 3, 2021
I left a job due to lack of support from the unorganized Mgmt, the toxic workplace which was allowed to persist, and unfair targeting of employees while playing favorites with others.
Pros - Providers (MDs, nurse practitioners ) were kind and respectful overall
Cons - Nit-picking regarding small mistakes, without appreciation fir extra wirk and devotion to Patients the majority of the time

3 Stars - Over worked and under paid
Licensed Practical Nurse (Current Employee) - Massachusetts - September 26, 2021
I used to love working at Atrius until employees started leaving and we became understaffed. This means more work on us and management does not help nor do they care to help. They continuously add more work onto their staff, eventually burning them out. No one has seen a raise in years.
Pros - Coworkers
Cons - Over worked, under paid

2 Stars - Benefits, salary
Patient Financial Services Representative (Former Employee) - Somerville - September 10, 2021
Good benefits and salary, but company is not the same as it used to be…multiple mergers and subsequent layoffs…lost too many great employees. Almost impossible to get time off, no matter how much time you have on the books and request over 3-6 months in advance.
Pros - Benefits, salary
Cons - Getting time off no matter how much vacation time you have banked

2 Stars - Colleagues are nice
Medical Assistant (Former Employee) - Boston, MA - August 15, 2021
I have met some wonderful people through my work with Atrius. Opportunities for advancement are limited, priorities are off. Company management is very top down and places priority on making money and neglect staff needs, input, happiness and sometimes safety.
Pros - Nice people to work with
Cons - Top down approach

1 Star - Don't do it!!
N/A (Former Employee) - Needham, MA - November 5, 2021
If you enjoy getting yelled at, double standards and favoritism then this is the place for you. You would also probably get stuck doing things you didn't get hired to do or things no one wants to do. Good luck!
Pros - Great co-workers
Cons - Management sucks, no room for growth.

5 Stars - Fun and cultured
Medical Assistant (Current Employee) - Somerville, MA - November 30, 2021
Great job 10/10, employees are mostly great. Fun work environment. Management is understanding and so is most of the staff. 

4 Stars - Great staff to work with
RN (Current Employee) - Boston, MA - January 13, 2022
This is a good company to work for. Very flexible and good benefits. My biggest issue is pay and management. We are not paid enough for what we do. Management has a tendency to make all these decisions without any idea of what we really do and how it will impact us and patient care.
Pros - Good benefits, 1 hr lunch break, free parking
Cons - Pay, management

2 Stars - If you aren't licensed, you don't matter.
Secretary (Current Employee) - Chelmsford, MA - February 4, 2022
Management: They don't care about anything but getting the numbers going up. They do not advocate for you and only listens to what the nurses say.
Nurses: They think they are better than you because you are just a "secretary" they nitpick constantly and would rather take the time to type up a whole paragraph to speak down on you and about you to the supervisors rather than click a few buttons to find the answer. Some nurses don't even bother documenting. They are so quick to call you out on something, but when it comes to their error - everyone stays quiet.
Clinicians: Some are so picky. Who knows whether or not you prefer not to see females/male patients? There are so many providers and they expect us to know their personal preferences. It's a shame. You came in this field for a reason, didn't you?
THE SADDEST PAY! I've been here for 5 years and I've only gotten a .77 cents in increase. It's truly appalling, but my reviews are always coming out great and "exceeding expectations" however, you see all these lazy people moving on up. How do they expect people to still have the motivation to work if they don't ever get recognized for anything they do? There's more cons than pros - I should have started off with the pros because then I wouldn't waste anymore time for this company.
Pros - Free parking 1 hour lunch Offer work from home position
Cons - Management Micromanage Breaks are strictly enforced If you don't have a license, you don't matter. They DO NOT OFFER OVERTIME FOR ANYONE ELSE BUT MEDICAL ASSISTANTS

4 Stars - Pretty decent pay for MA's. So much micromanagement. Drop a new procedure, demand it be done and then 6 weeks later no one really cared.
Medical Assistant (Former Employee) - Wellesley, MA - February 7, 2022
Mostly nice people, but everyone was stressed out a lot due to short staffing. It was a great location and decent commute. Benefits were excellent in my experience.

5 Stars - The benefits are great and the pto is generous. The management listens to you and cares for their employees.
Specimen Processor (Former Employee) - Needham, MA - February 16, 2022
The benefits are nice and the pto is generous. The management listens to you and cares for their employees. There is room to advance if that is your goal. Management works hard to keep your workload manageable.
Pros - generous pto, good health plans

2 Stars - This used to be good place to work, not any longer.
Medical assistant (Current Employee) - Concord, MA - March 30, 2022
This company is not what it used to be. Just today, we were alerted of another round of layoffs, so be leery applying, unless clinical. Count on a standard 2% yearly raise, no cost of living adjustment while cost of living rises, no bonuses/holiday parties, etc. feels like going to work under a black cloud every day.

5 Stars - Great place to work
Medical Assistant (Former Employee) - Wellesley, MA - March 31, 2022
Very supportive coworkers and supervisors. Department felt like a family. Good benefits, competitive salaries. Reasonable hours. Always room for growth. Adequately staffed. 

3 Stars - Average big box employer
Physical Therapist (Current Employee) - Boston, MA - March 31, 2022
I have a great manager in my department, very supportive in that regards. My schedule can be flexible with timeoff. Overall higher ups care mostly about productivity, and there is no path for advancement
Pros - Time off
Cons - Overly focused on productivity

2 Stars - Be cautious before you commit to this company
Supervisor of Operations (Former Employee) - Wellesley, MA - June 10, 2022
you can work your way up at this company. That is great! But it may not be for much more money. your time out of work is not respected. Once you are in management you are expected to "be on" at all times, even when off to be with family. They need to change this and respect people's time so they d not BURN OUT so fast!
Pros -room for advancement, great healthcare benefits
Cons - no breaks, the company is hesitant to bring on more support staff- even when there is a clear need!

5 Stars - 5 stars
Phlebotomists and Covid processing (Current Employee) - Peabody, MA - June 10, 2022
What is the best part of working at the company?
The people I work with
What is the most stressful part about working at the company?
Covid it has change everything

5 Stars - Prescription renewal
(Former Employee) - Concord, MA - June 13, 2022
I absolutely loved working for this organization. I thoroughly enjoyed my role at the Concord location and learned a lot. Management was amazing as were coworkers. Was treated fairly and the benefits were great.
Pros - Benefits, flexible hours, great pay
Cons - Vax required

3 Stars - Needs help fast
RN (Current Employee) - Wellesley, MA - June 22, 2022
Layoffs are common, even with nurses! Management at executive level out for themselves, and finances. Not patient care. Warning, optum will make this a FOR profit company!
Pros - Pay is fair

3 Stars - Company recently making changes
Medical Secretary (Former Employee) - Massachusetts - July 10, 2022
No longer employed with company. Good starting pay. Holidays and time off earned depending on hours works. Medical, dental, 401k, long and short term disability.

3 Stars - Great people, poor management
LPN (Licensed Practical Nurse) (Current Employee) - Burlington, MA - July 21, 2022
I absolutely love my job and my coworkers but management makes it hard to want to stay here. Pay is average actually I would say maybe a little above average and you don’t work weekends or holidays which is nice.

2 Stars - Schedules
Phlebotomist (Former Employee) - Braintree, MA - August 22, 2022
Very clique, management can change your schedule without asking and with less than a weeks notice but very difficult to change schedule if you need to. 

4 Stars - All staff were wonderful to work with .
Registered Nurse (Former Employee) - Cambridge, MA - August 31, 2022
Staff were professional , friendly and kind. Manager did not micromanage and was always approachable. Patients were well cared for by all . Would have stayed but had to make a change for personal reasons .

2 Stars - Over work
Medical Secretary I (Current Employee) - Braintree, MA - September 22, 2022
You work hard and they want you to work harder but you don’t get paid good more work no increase in pay because it’s not in the budget patients are rude to the staff and no one cares
Cons - Over work

4 Stars - Good work
Medical Secretary (Current Employee) - Wellesley, MA - September 29, 2022
Checking patients out and scheduling appointments. It can be fast paced, and some people are more helpful than others, but you will find that anywhere you work. Enjoy helping patients.

5 Stars - Great organization to work for
Chief Internal Medicine (Former Employee) - Chelmsford, MA - September 30, 2022
This organization Provides high quality low cost care. Goal to keep patients healthy and ensuring all appropriate screenings are completed according to national guidelines, and keeping patients healthy and out of the hospital. Wonderful place to work!

4 Stars - okay to work
Medical Assistant (Current Employee) - Chelmsford, MA - October 7, 2022
they are okay, management sucks though. try to go to a different department not internal medicine. you are better off. please take my advise and you will be happy.

5 Stars - Great place to work and learn
RN (Current Employee) - Massachusetts - October 11, 2022
Supportive management and clinicians, great benefits, generous pay, opportunities to learn, respectful colleagues, flexible hours, good on the job training
Pros - great benefits
Cons - none

5 Stars - 5 stars
Supervisor/Operations Manager (Current Employee) - Boston, MA - October 28, 2022
What is the best part of working at the company?
Great company to work for good team of people
What is the most stressful part about working at the company?
Sometimes short staffed right now
What is the work environment and culture like at the company?
Very accepting of everyone
What is a typical day like for you at the company?
Very busy fast paced patient care

2 Stars - Not what I expected
RN (Former Employee) - Dedham, MA - November 8, 2022
Disorganized, poor HR and leadership, terrible staffing and preparation for staffing needs, nurses are not respected and neither is their knowledge. If it looks too good to be true, it is.

4 Stars - Ok
Lab Technician (Former Employee) - Boston, MA - November 28, 2022
It was an ok place to work. Sometimes it felt like the patients were running the asylum. Sometimes during the pandemic there was no clear guidance on what to do or there were conflicting guidelines 

5 Stars - Wonderful environment
Medical Assistant (Current Employee) - Quincy, MA - January 30, 2023
I love working for this company. I have had a great experience for the past 10 years. My specific site is filled with motivated, caring, committed individuals 

2 Stars - Awful management
Registered Nurse (Current Employee) - Massachusetts - February 14, 2023
This place used to be great but in the last several years it’s gone down the tubes and continues to progressively worsen. So many workflow problems that never get resolved, management does not listen to those who do the work and don’t care. Revolving door or managers. Bought out by new company that works people to death for profit with no care for the patients or employees. Awful mna that doesn’t do anything for nursing but take our money. So sad and disappointing to see what this place has become after so many years 

1 Star - Not a great organization to work for!!!
Medical Secretary (Former Employee) - Watertown, MA - February 22, 2023
I worked for Atrius Health for almost 5yrs and in the beginning I was dedicated to my work and the organization but over time I realized that the organization was NOT dedicated to ME! Atrius will drain the life out of you and when you’re ready to leave they don’t wish you well. Stay clear of this organization if you’re looking for a meaningful career in healthcare!
Pros - Discounted T-Passes, good 401K
Cons - Very bad management at most sites

4 Stars - Would recommend
Specimen Processor (Current Employee) - Needham, MA - March 10, 2023
I have worked here for several years and find it to be both an enjoyable place to work and a staff that truly cares about the patients they serve and the people they work with.

2 Stars - Micromanagers
Medical Assistant (Former Employee) - Concord, MA - March 20, 2023
Too high expectations and never satisfied. Very cliquey and some people are just rude, got tired of trying to be on everyone’s good side. Toxic work environment. 

1 Star - Bad Management Disorganized
Staff Nurse (Former Employee) - Burlington, MA - March 25, 2023
There's alot that Atrius needs to work on as far as organization, training, and management. High management turnover and no accountability. Very disorganized and poor training as well as constant company changes with no employee involvement. Only positive, weekends off. Not recommended.
Pros - Weekends off
Cons - Poor Management, very disorganized

1 Star - Awesome coworkers we got through it together. I recommend don’t work here. Run the other way!!
Medical Secretary/Receptionist (Former Employee) - Burlington, MA - April 3, 2023
What is the best part of working at the company?
Co-workers and patients There is honest nothing else good about working there
What is the most stressful part about working at the company?
Too many supervisors who micro manage staff. Definitely need less supervisors and it would save money!!
What is the work environment and culture like at the company?
Very stressful. It stinks quite frankly
What is a typical day like for you at the company?
You start off hoping you don’t get called into someone’s office (not kidding!).